I
from the madman who started it all Mad
Magazine praising the Academy welcome to
Weinberg Academy for boys where cadets
are in the hands of the most gifted
faculty in the nation say it again
fine sir it again mine sir
they will learn to function in an
atmosphere of freedom yes I don't know
this barbed wire in any of the brochures
charts collection they will develop
basic skills of survival
I just saw my way the laundry why don't
you slip out of your little under short
we're gonna do our laundry tomorrow they
will be provided with intense
intellectual stimulation smooth to the
touch but highly explosive any question
but tensions from the classroom are
often relieved on the playing field here
team effort is emphasized and individual
accomplishment is applauded cultural
activities are of equal importance ash
and social intercourse with members of
the opposite sex term it encourage with
our instructor is always setting the
example he liked it when gentlemen
Tashia what you know with rope rippln is
Weinberg Academy where young men of good
character are prepared
to meet the future hmm don't you know
why you said you first place because
you're asking if you can qualify we
invite you to apply remember the men who
change the world have to graduate from
power
look man man who started it all Mad
Magazine freedom of the economy